[Release] sdk/resourcemanager/kubernetesconfiguration/armfluxconfigurations/0.1.0 (#24625)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/kubernetesconfiguration/armfluxconfigurations/README.md

> # Azure Kubernetesconfiguration Module for Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Azure Kubernetes Configuration Module for Go
```

> The `armfluxconfigurations` module provides operations for working with Azure Kubernetesconfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `armfluxconfigurations` module provides operations for working with Azure Kubernetes Configuration.
```

[Source code](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/resourcemanager/kubernetesconfiguration/armfluxconfigurations)

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- an [Azure subscription](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/)
- Go 1.18 or above (You could download and install the latest version of Go from [here](https://go.dev/doc/install). It will replace the existing Go on your machine. If you want to install multiple Go versions on the same machine, you could refer this [doc](https://go.dev/doc/manage-install).)

## Install the package

This project uses [Go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules) for versioning and dependency management.

> Install the Azure Kubernetesconfiguration module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the Azure Kubernetes Configuration module:
```

```sh
go get github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/resourcemanager/kubernetesconfiguration/armfluxconfigurations
```

## Authorization

> When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Kubernetesconfiguration.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a client, you will need to provide a credential for authenticating with Azure Kubernetes Configuration.  The `azidentity` module provides facilities for various ways of authenticating with Azure including client/secret, certificate, managed identity, and more.
```

```go
options := arm.ClientOptions {
    ClientOptions: azcore.ClientOptions {
        Cloud: cloud.AzureChina,
    },
}
clientFactory, err := armfluxconfigurations.NewClientFactory(<subscription ID>, cred, &options)
```

## Clients

A client groups a set of related APIs, providing access to its functionality.  Create one or more clients to access the APIs you require using client factory.

```go
client := clientFactory.NewClient()
```

## Fakes

The fake package contains types used for constructing in-memory fake servers used in unit tests.
This allows writing tests to cover various success/error conditions without the need for connecting to a live service.

Please see https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/tree/main/sdk/samples/fakes for details and examples on how to use fakes.

## Provide Feedback

If you encounter bugs or have suggestions, please

> [open an issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/issues) and assign the `Kubernetesconfiguration` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[open an issue](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/issues) and assign the `Kubernetes Configuration` label.
```
